feat: decode calldata script (#131)
axelarnetwork/axelar-contract-deployments: evm/README.md

```

3. Ask validators and community to vote on the proposal

```bash
axelard tx gov vote [proposal-id] [vote-option] --from [wallet] --chain-id [chain-id] --node [rpc]
```

4. Once the proposal passes after the voting period, a GMP call is initiated from Axelar to the EVM Governance contract.
5. This should be handled by relayers has executed the corresponding GMP calls. If it's not executed automatically, you can find the EVM batch to the chain via Axelarscan, and get the command ID from the batch,and submit the proposal.

```bash
node evm/governance.js -n [chain] --targetContractName AxelarGateway --action [action] --proposalAction submit --date 2023-12-11T08:45:00 --commandId [commandId]
```

6. Wait for timelock to pass on the proposal
7. Execute the proposal

```bash
node evm/governance.js -n [chain] --targetContractName AxelarGateway --action upgrade --proposalAction execute
```

8. Verify the governance command went through correctly.

## Utilities

### Decode Function Calldata

To decode function calldata:

> 1. Create a variable in the `.env` file named `CALLDATA`
> 2. Set this variable equal to the calldata that needs to be decoded
>    Example: `CALLDATA=0x00000000000000000000...`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 3. Run the command below in the terminal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run the command below with the calldata being decoded
```

    ```bash

>     node evm/its.js -c CONTRACT_NAME

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    node evm/decode.js -c CONTRACT_NAME --calldata [calldata]
```

    ```

> 4. The resulting decoded function call (calls for `multicall`) and arguments will be printed to the console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The resulting decoded function call and arguments will be printed to the console.
```
